Add examples to Javadoc section in CONTRIBUTING.md (#2333)
junit-team/junit5: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Insert a blank line before at-clauses/tags.
- Favor `{@code foo}` over `<code>foo</code>`.
- Favor literals (e.g., `{@literal @}`) over HTML entities.
- New classes and methods should have `@since ...` annotation  
- Use `@since 5.0` instead of `@since 5.0.0`.
- Do not use `@author` tags. Instead, contributors are listed on [GitHub](https://github.com/junit-team/junit5/graphs/contributors). 
- Do not use verbs in third person form (e.g. use "Discover tests..." instead of "Discover tests..." 
  in the first sentence describing a method). 

#### JavaDoc Examples

See [here](java\org\junit\jupiter\api\extension\ExtensionContext.java) and 

> [here](java\org\junit\jupiter\api\extension\ParameterContext.java) for example javadoc

Reviewer: These links don't work, do they?

Author: I wanted to link to the files using the relative paths in the repository. 

Apologies for that.

- Insert a blank line before at-clauses/tags.
- Favor `{@code foo}` over `<code>foo</code>`.
- Favor literals (e.g., `{@literal @}`) over HTML entities.

> - New classes should have the JavaDoc that describes the class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - New classes should have `@since ...` annotation  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New classes and methods should have `@since ...` annotation  
```

- Use `@since 5.0` instead of `@since 5.0.0`.
- Do not use `@author` tags. Instead, contributors are listed on [GitHub](https://github.com/junit-team/junit5/graphs/contributors). 

> - Do not use verbs in third person form (use "Get" instead of "Gets" for example). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not use verbs in third person form (e.g. use "Discover tests..." instead of "Discovers tests..." in the first sentence describing a method).
```

#### JavaDoc Examples

> Below is an example of a standard Java-Doc for method `Optional<AnnotatedElement> getElement()`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of a standard Javadoc for method `Optional<AnnotatedElement> getElement()`: 
```
